## IoT Forensic Challenge, 2017-2018
Internet of Things (IoT) are, very generally, network and Internet connected devices usually for the purpose of monitoring and automation tasks. Consumer-grade "Smart" devices are increasing in popularity and scope. These devices and the data they collect are potentially interesting for digital investigations, but also come with a number of new investigation challenges.

This challenge seeks to advance the state-of-the-art in IoT *forensics* by focusing the community's attention on this emerging domain.

### Scenario
A woman (Betty) has been murdered. The murder was called in by Betty's husband (Simon), who claims to have been at home at the time. Additional case details can be found [here](https://nas.dfir.science/owncloud/s/DjrbKKbWb9PT4pU). Your job is to analyze these artifacts for forensically interesting information.

Time Zone: **UTC+9**

Responders acquired the following data:
* Smart TV Rasberry Pi
  * SHA1: **9ac0de76eca7958bfed1bd5909bbf766409af180**
* Samsung Note 2 (Betty)
  * SHA1: **cd494cf3097d8482100ce26dc8e35f0d87b67198**
* Samsung Note 2 (Simon)
  * SHA1: **fc28e415ee740531df86a2b227c4f514e9ed40ba**
* Google OnHub Diagnostic report
  * SHA1: **20eb4825eaf6c303beadd090868110fb2de37066**
* Amazon Echo Cloud Data
  * SHA1: **d1d126f47b565926dcc80fe6a4e7094f0281cb47**
* MDS (Acme, Inc.) Smarthome Network Dump
  * SHA1: **6ab6c522b070cde292a18645a19929998e009293**

All acquired data can be downloaded from [here](https://nas.dfir.science/owncloud/s/DjrbKKbWb9PT4pU). We recommend using a download manager like [uGet](http://ugetdm.com/) since the compressed mobile images are 3GB.

### Challenge
This DFRWS Forensic Challenge aspires to motivate new approaches to forensic analysis and has four levels of participation:

1. Evaluating and Expressing Conclusions: Formally evaluating and expressing the probability or likelihood ratio that the husband killed his wife versus some other unknown person.
2. Device Level Analysis: Developing methods and tools to forensically process digital traces generated by IoT devices, including on mobile devices.
3. Network and Cloud Level Analysis: Developing methods and tools to forensically process digital traces generated by IoT devices on networks and cloud systems.
4. Correlation and Analysis: Developing methods and supporting tools that combine information from various data sources and automatically compute, visualize, or otherwise expose patterns of potential interest.

### Submissions
* Submission deadline: **Feb. 21, 2018**
* Please see [complete rules](http://dfrws.org/dfrws-forensic-challenge)
* All participants must send an email to challenge@dfrws.org with the subject line "Solution submission".
* The actual solution (code and relevant documentation) can be submitted via email tarball (5MB max), posted on a public VCS, or posted for HTTP/FTP download.
* Submissions will be judged on: 1) completeness; 2) accuracy; and 3) tool/code quality.

Good luck!
